ARO Cash register project from WallacePOS.

12May2018:  created generic buttons for collecting all day coffee customer and one for their refills.  onClick currently calls prompt that presently leads to no where.  Need to add script to handle calls to and from db for tracking.  Also, todo for later:  auto add all day coffee to line items.

13-16 May:  Spent time working on pop-up inventory editor.  I wanted it to pop up a prompt where a barcode scanner would read a bc, then input it into prompt.  The bc reader built in carriage return would then advance prompt to another pop up prompt asking for how much to adjust stock level.  My biggest problem the first night was learning how to get .ajax to pass the parameters to the save php for the sql queries to do their thing.  First test was passing the stok level id and adjustment amount for easier testing.  It would not work no matter what I did.  I finally broke down, created my first StackOverflow post asking for help on why my code was not working.  Didn't take long for my first answer to come through, which immediatly resolved my issue.  Turns out my dislexia is possibly a real thing.  From my ajax i was passing amtAdj as a parameter, and trying to receive that via POST on my php side as adjAmt (swapped around adj and amt...)  Took the suggestion to make longer, easier to read variables.  Similar mistake caused several hours of debugging sql requests.  $itemId vs $itemID (d/D at end).  After that got functionality working where promt asks for barcode, then adjustment amount.  Parameters pass along to php, which runs select query to find barcode and return its item id to use in the seperate table to find stock level, then run a query to update that item id level.  The issues tonight with sql actually became benifical as i finally earned a better understanding of what exactly object oriented php is and how to use that with mysqli.  I also learned a bit about PDO.  That may be something to look into as I would like to learn other DB systems as well.  PDO is capatible with several systems.

17 May: Through SoloLearn I found out how to write to and read from a file.  This is perfect for my inventory update tool to see what updated and what didn't and have a general log for tracking and auditing as a manager.  Most of the project went well.. spent 25 minutes tring to figure out why my if elseif statement wasnt working and why an sql result was returning 1 even when null...  WATCH OUT FOR THE = AND ==.  im if statement was setting the variable to one instead of comparing it...
